feat: GNOME OS (#122)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

	- [openSUSE MicroOS](https://microos.opensuse.org/) - An atomic variant of openSUSE for servers
	- [openSUSE Aeon](https://aeondesktop.org) - An atomic variant of openSUSE with the GNOME desktop environment, featuring containers with Distrobox.
	- [openSUSE Kalpa](https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Kalpa) - An atomic variant of openSUSE with the KDE Plasma desktop environment, featuring containers with Distrobox.

> - [GNOME OS Nightly](https://os.gnome.org/) - A bleeding-edge GNOME-focused operating system for trying the latest GNOME software, it is not recommended for daily use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GNOME OS](https://os.gnome.org/) - The official bleeding-edge development and testing distribution (not recommended for daily usage) of the GNOME project, only shipping GNOME and flatpaks without any other package manager
```

	- [apt2ostree](https://github.com/stb-tester/apt2ostree) - apt2ostree is used for building Debian/Ubuntu based ostree images. It performs the same task as debootstrap/multistrap but the output is an ostree tree rather than a rootfs in a directory.
- [Image Builder - osbuild](https://www.osbuild.org/) - Build Infrastructure for Operating Systems
- [ABRoot](https://github.com/Vanilla-OS/ABRoot) - A utility which provides full immutability and atomicity to a Linux system, by transacting between two root filesystems. Updates are performed using OCI images, to ensure that the system is always in a consistent state.

> - [BootC](https://github.com/containers/bootc) - Transactional, in-place operating system updates using OCI/Docker container images. (Experimental)

Reviewer: This is a regression

Please rebase your branch on `upstream/main`

```console
git pull --all --rebase --prune
git switch patch-2
git rebase upstream/main
```
